doc: tf-m: update thread with support information (#6893)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_configuring.rst

  By default, the MTD operates as Minimal End Device (MED).
  To make it operate as Sleepy End Device (SED), set :kconfig:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_MTD_SED`.

.. _thread_ug_tfm_support:

Trusted Firmware-M support options
==================================

> You can configure your Thread application to run with Trusted Firmware-M by enabling the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your Thread application to run with Trusted Firmware-M, enable the following Kconfig options:
```

Author: Also added "on the nRF5340 DK"...

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM`
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_CRYPTO_PSA`

> These options are enabled by default for the :ref:`application core <ug_nrf5340_intro_app_core>` of the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns`` build target, which is supported by most of the :ref:`openthread_samples` in the |NCS|.

Reviewer: If "which" refers to the build target, it should maybe be "that" instead (without the comma, of course). Or you could split the long sentence -> ...build target. It is supported by most of the...

  By default, the MTD operates as Minimal End Device (MED).
  To make it operate as Sleepy End Device (SED), set :kconfig:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_MTD_SED`.

.. _thread_ug_tfm_support:

Trusted Firmware-M support options
==================================

To configure your Thread application on the nRF5340 DK to run with Trusted Firmware-M, enable the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM`
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_CRYPTO_PSA`

> These options are enabled by default for the :ref:`application core <ug_nrf5340_intro_app_core>` of the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns`` build target.

Reviewer 2: They are enabled by default for this build target, but only in the case of OT samples included in NCS. Not sure if that's what you meant.

Author: Rephrased slightly.
